c:\users\sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\SQLTest.dll
c:\users\sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\SQLTest.pdb
c:\users\sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
c:\users\sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\SQLitePCL.raw.dll
c:\users\sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\obj\Debug\SQLTest.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\obj\Debug\SQLTest.dll
c:\users\sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\obj\Debug\SQLTest.pdb
C:\Users\Sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\obj\Debug\SQLTest.View.ManualPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\obj\Debug\SQLTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\ZXing.Net.Mobile.Core.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\ZXing.Net.Mobile.Forms.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\zxing.portable.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\ZXingNetMobile.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\obj\Debug\SQLTest.View.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Sebastian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\obj\Debug\SQLTest.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sebastian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SQLTest\SQLTest\SQLTest\bin\Debug\SQLTest.dll.mdb
